Father and mother arrived
The year my parents were away
You keep your facilities so clean
It seems that you have all grown up Nan Nan
Mom and Dad brought you gifts from abroad
I'll see if you like it later.
Mom and Dad, please continue to rest
I'm ready for dinner tonight
Adults' work is reliable
Okay, hurry up and eat, the food is cold, that's it
No food to eat, come on
About us
When are you going to tell your parents?
Still going to hide it from me
Mingzhe Nan Nan
Come over for dinner, come to mom
Oh, right.
You know
A friend of mine's daughter just came back from abroad.
Why don't I see you?
You should start a family too
Drag it down again?
There are few good girls left
Thank you, mom, big brother, no blind date is required.
How can you not have a blind date?
Your brother doesn't have a girlfriend, he has
Big brother has a girlfriend
What am I sitting on?
Why don't I know?
Who are you?
Who is that girl?
Since we are together, we must be responsible.
The whole body has to be on the schedule, Dad
The eight characters haven't been written yet
I just like people
Haven't confessed yet
Then what are you waiting for, son?
Hurry up and tell the girl
Don't worry, he seems to already know
So I'll ask again tonight.